Such an honor and pleasure to be here at
the network state conference. Thank you
Balaji for inviting us. I think you have
been sitting for quite some time
already. Uh feel free it's voluntary uh
to stand up for the AMTM of Free
Republic of Liberland and shake a little
bit maybe. Uh it's a it's a good
opportunity
um to honor the great guys that also
supported us in past
uh it's great to have people like mele
openly supporting our national movement
and uh and even people like Vitalik
recognizing that we have done uh
something for for the movement.
Liberland has been born uh in April 13,
2015. So we already have a 10 year
history of country formation. Uh we have
gathered almost a million people to sign
up for citizenship. We actually had an
amazing start where for at least two
weeks we had bigger number of
immigration request than United States
which was pretty spectacular. there was
no chance for us to process all these
applications for citizenships and uh
and this is how it started. We were just
three guys you know that decided to
build a country uh we went to place
which was unclaimed for more than 20
years between Croatia and Serbia. We
stick the flag there and uh and then
then the rest follows and we are 10
years into building a country utilizing
the best technology that is out there
but also the best ideas. I'm originally
political scientist but I also studied
monetary economy in history and this
question might sound a little bit
strange here and I'm usually asking it
when I start my presentation. Has
anybody ever considered starting a new
country here?
Okay, that's way much more of course
than usual audience. Usually it's like
one guy or nobody. Um, so what does it
take to start a country? You basically
have to follow the Monte video criteria.
You have to have permanent population.
You have to have a defined territory.
You have to have government and capacity
to enter into relation with other
countries. Uh, Liberland has a permanent
population now for more than two years.
People are permanently living in
Liberland. It's one of the main concerns
for us to fulfill that criteria. We have
very well- definfined territory. We
actually gave both Croatia and Serbia
half meter in our Kadostra maps not to
have any overlapping claims. We have a
government. I believe we have one of the
most advanced forms of government. We
are already running for more than a year
as a DAO as a first decentralized
autonomous actually government in this
case and we have capacity to enter into
relations with other countries. We have
a great number of diplomatic relations
with multiple countries around the world
and we are expanding every month. we
open new diplomatic channel. Liberal
land is 7 square kilometers. So we are
three times bigger than Monaco. We have
uh now um 1,300 citizens out of almost
800,000 applications. Um we have also
quite a few residents.
Liberland as you can see again is
between Croatia and Serbia. We are on
the Danube River with beautiful sandy
island that you could see in the video.
And we have one of the as as I said one
of the most advanced systems of
governance. I tried to look for the best
technology that was available a year
ago. Uh so we build a rust brasbased
blockchain uh that is combining the best
elements of meritocracy. So we are kind
of a corporation from that perspective.
The corporation is making the positive
decision but we are also republic making
sure that government of Liberal doesn't
intrude into things like edu uh
education like healthcare. We have a
democratic element. We let majority of
citizens to veto any law or rule that
they don't like and we have a small
monarchical element as well. The
founders also keep some veto powers over
the corporation. Everything is running
on blockchain. You can already check it
out. Three days ago we had elections. We
have a new Congress that was elected.
Probably you heard about Justin Sun. Uh
he is our newly elected prime minister.
It's kind of fun to have him on board.
Uh big guy. He's actually the wealthiest
prime minister ever elected on planet
earth which is pretty pretty good result
for the first elections of Netherland.
Thank you. We've got now finally a woman
as well. Britannica Kaiser was elected.
Uh so just to invite you to a couple of
events that Liberland is organizing in
November. We have a longevity
conference. Uh but it will do two more
things. We are starting a tree project
which is a big construction of 22 u tree
houses in Liberland. Uh this was one of
the pilot. We have a couple more
already. Uh so we're building in
Liberland and we have lots of other
developments all around in the region.
We're also starting a longevity clinic
in Serbia. Uh that that's another big
project but we want to make a major
investment in the whole region for
Croatia and Serbia to take us seriously.
And also I would like to invite you to
Prague because we have a first
constitutional convention on 19th of
December. Uh it's a great opportunity
for you to visit Prague but also share
some ideas with very famous thinkers
like Herman Hanzope uh who is going to
be presenting on liberal constitution.
So I'm more than happy to be here and
I'm happy to stay in touch. to join our
Telegram group for specifically for this
event through the CR code. And again,
thank you very much.